docs: Update docs quickstart (#258)
block/goose: docs/quickstart.md

# Goose in 5 minutes

## Quickstart guide

Goose is a developer agent that supercharges your software development by automating an array of coding tasks directly within your terminal or IDE. You can get it setup and running on your devices in only a few minutes.

### Installation

To install Goose, use `pipx`. First ensure [pipx][pipx] is installed:

``` sh
brew install pipx
pipx ensurepath
```

Then install Goose:

```sh
pipx install goose-ai
```

### Running Goose

#### Start a session

From your terminal, navigate to the directory you'd like to start from and run:

```sh
goose session start
```

#### Set up a provider

> Goose works on top of LLMs and by default, it uses `openai` as the LLM provider but you can customize it as needed. You'll be prompted to set an [OPENAI_API_KEY][openai-key] if you haven't set one previously.

Reviewer: apply sentence changes from readme here

>[!TIP]
> **Billing:**
>

> > You will need to add credits to your Open AI accounts to be able to successfully make requests.

Reviewer: apply sentence changes from readme here

>

#### Make Goose do the work for you
You will see the Goose prompt `G❯`:

```

> G❯ type your instructions here exactly as you would tell a developer.

Reviewer 2: I wonder if we could slightly reword this..I could be nitpicking.

```suggestion
G❯ type your instructions here exactly as you would speak to a developer.
```

> G❯ type your instructions here exactly as you would tell a developer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
G❯ type your instructions here exactly as you would speak to a developer.
```

Reviewer 2: I wonder if we can give them an example prompt to run so they can get up and running right away here.

```

> Now you are interacting with Goose in conversational sessions - think of it like you're giving directions to a junior developer. The default toolkit allows Goose to take actions through shell commands and file edits. You can interrupt Goose with `CTRL+D` or `ESC+Enter` at any time to help redirect its efforts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now you are interacting with Goose in conversational sessions. Think of it like you're giving directions to a junior developer. The default toolkit allows Goose to take actions through shell commands and file edits. You can interrupt Goose with `CTRL+D` or `ESC+Enter` at any time to help redirect its efforts.
```

#### Exit the session

> If you are looking to exit, use `CTRL+D`, although Goose should help you figure that out if you forget.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To exit, use `CTRL+D`, although Goose should help you figure that out if you forget.
```

Reviewer: how would it help them figure it out? would be nice to provide that info if we're gonna state this

Reviewer: maybe remove the "although..." if we aren't gonna tell them how

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are looking to exit, use `CTRL+D`.
```

#### Resume a session

When you exit a session, it will save the history in `~/.config/goose/sessions` directory and you can resume it later on:

``` sh
goose session resume

> ```

Reviewer 2: a good place to link the sessions management guide so they can know more actually about resuming a session and naming it..

maybe we be specific and say that goose session resume will resume your **last** saved session..but if you want to resume a different session check out the session management guide [link to the one ebony wrote]

Author: Yeah definitely but the guide hasn't been merged yet #246. Will add the message in the meantime.

> To see more documentation on the CLI commands currently available to Goose check out the documentation [here][cli]. If you’d like to develop your own CLI commands for Goose, check out the [Contributing document][contributing].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To see more documentation on the available CLI commands, check out the [documentation][cli]. If you’d like to develop your own CLI commands for Goose, check out the [Contributing document][contributing].
```

> ### Running a goose tasks (one off)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Running a Goose task
```

> You can run goose to do things just as a one off, such as tidying up, and then exiting:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can run Goose to do things just as a one off, such as tidying up, and then exiting:
```

```sh
goose run instructions.md
```

You can also use process substitution to provide instructions directly from the command line:

```sh
goose run <(echo "Create a new Python file that prints hello world")
```

> This will run until completion as best it can. You can also pass `--resume-session` and it will re-use the first session it finds for context

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will run until completion as best it can. You can also pass `--resume-session` and it will re-use the first session it finds for context.
```

## Additional tips

> You can place `.goosehints` in `~/.config/goose/.goosehints` if you like for always loaded hints personal to you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can place a `.goosehints` file in `~/.config/goose/.goosehints` for personal to you. Goose will automatically load these within your sessions.
```

### Next steps

> Learn how to modify your Goose profiles.yaml file to add and remove functionality (toolkits) and providing context to get the most out of Goose in our [Getting Started Guide][getting-started].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Review the [Getting Started Guide][getting-started] to learn how to modify the Goose `profiles.yaml` file to add and remove functionality (toolkits) and provide additional context to get the most out of Goose.
```

**Want to move out of the terminal and into an IDE?**

> We have some experimental IDE integrations for VSCode and JetBrains IDEs:

Reviewer: does the intellij plugin work in all JetBrains IDEs?

Author: Yes - Max mentioned that on stream as well about the JetBrains ecosystem

Reviewer: oh wow fancy

* https://github.com/square/goose-vscode
* https://github.com/Kvadratni/goose-intellij

**Goose as a Github Action**

> There is also an experimental Github action to run goose as part of your workflow (for example if you ask it to fix an issue):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is also an experimental Github action to run Goose as part of your workflow (e.g., if you ask it to fix an issue):
```

```

#### Set up a provider
Goose works with your [preferred LLM][providers]. By default, it uses `openai` as the LLM provider. You'll be prompted to set an [API key][openai-key] if you haven't set one previously.

>[!TIP]
> **Billing:**
>
> You will need to have credits in your LLM Provider account to be able to successfully make requests.
>

#### Make Goose do the work for you
You will see the Goose prompt `G❯`:

```
G❯ type your instructions here exactly as you would speak to a developer.
```

e.g

```

> G❯ Create a JavaScript project that fetches and displays weather for a user specified city using a public API

Reviewer: this is just so cool
